feat(curriculum): adding python basics review content (#59958)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/review-python-basics/67f39b40deaec81a3e40e0c5.md

# --description--

## What is Python?

- **Introduction**: Python is a general-purpose programming language known for its simplicity and ease of use. Python is used in many fields like data science and machine learning, web development, scripting and automation, embedded systems and IoT, and much more.

> - **Common Use Cases**: Python is used in data science, machine learning, web development, cybersecurity, microcomputers like Arduino and Raspberry Pi and automation.

Reviewer: The original script has been changed as Python does not directly run on Arduino.

```suggestion
- **Common Use Cases**: Python is used in data science, machine learning, web development, cybersecurity, automation and microcomputers like the Raspberry Pi and MicroPython-compatible boards.
```

```py
def outer_func():
    msg = 'Hello there!'
    
    def inner_func():
        print(msg)
    inner_func()

print(outer_func()) # Hello there!
```

- **Global Scope**: This refers to variables that are declared outside any functions or classes which can be accessed from anywhere in the program.

```py
tax = 0.70 

def get_total(subtotal):
    total = subtotal + (subtotal * tax)
    return total

print(get_total(100))  # 170.0
```

- **Built-in Scope**: Reserved names in Python for predefined functions, modules, keywords, and objects.

```py
print(str(45)) # '45'
print(type(3.14)) # <class 'float'>
print(isinstance(3, str)) # False
```

## Comparison Operators

- **Equal(`==`)**: Checks if two values are equal:

```py
print(3 == 4) # False
```

- **Not equal(`!=`)**: Checks if two values are not equal:

```py
print(3 != 4) # True
```

- **Strictly greater than(`>`)**: Checks if one value is greater than another:

```py
print(3 > 4) # False
```

- **Strictly less than(`<`)**: Checks if one value is less than another:

```py
print(3 < 4) # True
```

> - **Greater than or equal(`>=`)**: Checks if one value is greater than or equal to another:

Author: the table shown here doesn't mention equal to so I left if off 

https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html

```py
print(3 >= 4) # False
```

> - **Less than or equal(`<=`)**: Checks if one value is less than or equal to another:

Author: same here 

https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html
